I got a girl who's always late anytime
we have a dick your side
I'm gonna walk up to the gate see it and
get it straight about war
the air
issues on a chain
you still not baby
she's my flaming your heart stop
always my baby baby somebody is my baby
still my baby Chu
my bigger still my baby truth
yes
almost not so much swing it's never your
fault always make the lazy right okay
now then Bruna I'm sorry I'm I'm to the
audience at home that you were 59 no I
know I should have said you were 52 is
that correct yeah there are 52 you know
week my birth is next Sunday yeah yeah
it's a present
I should have told them you were 52
seven years ago now they know Holly oh
yeah you are wicked that was the most
difficult and complex choreography we've
ever seen in this show that plays back
in my heart again
let the secret of this show is to get
your bad performances and forget them
and come back stronger that's what
you've done tonight
okay Bruner but it's dandy D'Angelo
isn't it is mr. Sheen on the dance floor
sparkling machine Crane what about you
difficult moves you danced them really
really well
shame about the trip to collect the
scores from the judges Kraig Revel
Horwood eight
Bruno Tonioli